Add Testcontainers for .NET documentation (#627)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/modules/postgres.md

# PostgreSQL

> Here is an example of a pre-configured PostgreSQL container. In the example, Testcontainers for .NET starts a PostgreSQL database in a [xUnit.net][xunit] test and executes a SQL query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a pre-configured PostgreSQL container. In the example, Testcontainers starts a PostgreSQL database in a [xUnit.net][xunit] test and executes a SQL query against it.
```
